So as the user is scrolling through the content on screen, the layout is considered to be immutable. Now if you need to change this, like for example you're going to change the appearance of the layout, you would use the `invalidation mechanism`, which Mohammed will walk us through in a little bit. Okay. Now, one great thing about layout being a separate abstraction is **we can transition from one layout to another layout and get a great animated effect when you move between layouts, and layout A doesn't need to know anything about layout B**. They just declare what the layout is going to be, and the transitions occur. Okay. So CollectionViewLayout is an abstract class, and as such, it's not meant to be used directly, but rather subclasses of CollectionViewLayout are meant to be used. Fortunately, we provide one.--UICollectionViewFlowLayout . 

[Now, **UICollectionViewLayouts Prepare method is called whenever the layout is invalidated, and in the case of UICollectionFlowLayout, our layout is invalidated whenever the CollectionView's bounds of size changes. So if our app rotates on a phone or if our app is resized on an iPad. So this is a great place to do any customization that takes the size of the CollectionView into account.** In our case, we want our cells to be some function of the CollectionView's width. And we can let the CollectionView know how big we want our items to be by saying it's item sized properties.](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2018/225/?time=702)
