## <a name='contents'>Table of Contents</a>
  1. [Organizing Your Storyboards](#1)
  1. [Customizing Standard Segues](#2)
  1. [Unwind Segues and Custom Containers](#3)
  
`Relationship Segue`:container VC 和 content VC之间的segue  
`Triggered Segue`:content VC 和 content VC之间的segue  

## <a name='1'> Organizing Your Storyboards:</a>  
`talk about a new feature that we've added to help you organize your storyboards and keep them manageable`
KYLE SLUDER:
We're going to focus on three main areas today: First we're going to talk about a new feature that we've added to help you organize your storyboards and keep them manageable and then we're going to talk about ways that you can customize the standard segueway ways that we've provided for you in Interface Builder and finally we're going to talk about what might be a little bit more of an advanced feature, unwind segueway ways and how we have improved them in relation to the custom container view controllers that you use in iOS.
 So let's get started.
 We have a really simple demo application here.
 It is just a collection view that displays a bunch of photos inside of navigation controller.
 If I tap one of those photos, it comes in onscreen.
 Then I can tap that back button in the upper-left corner and it goes away.
 The three components of that user interface correspond to three view controller instances at runtime.
 If I were to diagram this application out on paper I might do something like this.
 It might represent those view controllers as boxes and then draw lines between them to describe the flow through my application.
 That's the kind of information that a storyboard captures for you and let's you use at runtime.
 There's a bit of specialized terminology with regard to storyboards.
 Those boxes that have been turned into circles here, we call those scenes and they act as templates for the view controllers that actually make up your user interface at runtime.
 Those lines we call segueways, and there are a couple of different kinds of segueways.
 That relationship -- that segueway between the navigation controller and the collection view controller is a kind of segueway called a relationship segueway.
 Specifically it states that that collection view controller is at the root of the navigation stack managed by that navigation controller.
 Another kind of segueway is a triggered segueway, this one specificallys says that when I tap on a cell in a collection view I want to show my photo view controller using the semantics defined by the show view controller method.
 When we actually put this altogether in a storyboard file we can give things identifiers and then we set that up in Interface Builder -- in Xcode as our main interface file for our project and we run the application.
 The first thing that happens, is that we instantiate a navigation controller based on what's in the initial scene in our storyboard and then we see that there is a relationship defined on that navigation controller.
 So we instantiate the view controller at the other end of that segueway and then we establish the relationship that is defined by that segueway, that root of the navigation stack.
 Later on as the user is using our application they tap on a collection view cell which performs that segueway that we have labeled show pic here, that's that show segueway from before.
 We instantiate the view controller at the other end of that segueway and we establish the relationship, we perform that action that the segueway defines.
 **As you're designing your application, you're implementing your application your interfaces get more complicated and so do your storyboards.
 Eventually in order to keep things manageable, just like you split your source code into multiple files, you split your storyboards into multiple files, but we can't draw a segueway across a file boundary.
 We can fall back to code, we can instantiate an instance of that secondary storyboard, and we can instantiate view controllers based on the scenes in that storyboard, or we have lost the ability to visualize the connection between the scenes.
 What we really want to do is we want to get that arrow back**.
 That's what we have done for you in Xcode 7 with a new feature we call **Storyboard References**.
  KYLE SLUDER: So just so you know, you're all have to applaud again for Tony because he actually did most of the work on implementing this.
 [Laughter]  KYLE SLUDER: A `storyboard reference` **stands in for another scene and that scene can actually be in to the same storyboard or in another storyboard.
 Just like any scene, it can be at the destination end of any segueway**.
Really that's all there is to say about that so I'd like to ask Tony up, show you how easy it is with Xcode 7 to organize your storyboards for OS X 10.
11, iOS 9 and watchOS using Xcode 7.
  TONY RICCIARDI: Thank you, Kyle.
 Good Morning, my name is Tony and I work on Interface Builder.
 In this (unintelligible), I'll show you our new feature, called Storyboard References, but before we get started let me show you the app we're building.
 This is an app to help you organize and plan events for a road trip.
 I implemented the UI for this app using a custom container view controller which manages four tabs.
 Each of these tabs is implemented with its own UI navigation controller and you can open up a tab by tapping on its navigation bar.
 This first tab shows a table of upcoming events.
 This tab shows a journal of past events.
 Here we have a map of upcoming stops.
 Finally, we have a collection of photos that we have taken on our trip.
 You can tap on a photo cell to get a larger view of the photo and you can tap on this bar button item to get a menu of possible actions.
 Let's take a look at the main storyboard for my app.
 Up here in the top left I have my custom container view controller and that container is connected to each of its four child navigation controllers using an `embed segueway`.
 **An embed segueway allows you to embed a child view controller inside of a parent**.
 As you can see, over time this storyboard has gotten pretty large.
 **And so what I want to do today is break it up into smaller pieces**(把一个Large SB根据依赖关系划分成多个小SB) .
 If we take a look at the bottom of my storyboard you can see that I have the three view controllers for my photos tab.
 These view controllers are mostly independent of the rest of the scenes in my storyboard.
 And so it would make sense to pull them out into their own file.
 To do that, I'm going to select these view controllers and head up to the editor menu and choose refactor to storyboard.
 I'm going to call the new file photos.
storyboard.
 When I do that, Xcode generates a new storyboard file, pulls those view controllers out of my main storyboard and puts them in the new file.
 What happened back in the main storyboard file? Let's use the back button.
 Down here where we used to see those three view controllers we now have a storyboard reference.
 Whenever you refactor scenes from a storyboard and the scenes have incoming segueways, Xcode is going to take those segueways, generate a storyboard reference and reroute the segueways to the reference.
 At runtime when this segueway executes, it is going to instantiate the initial view controller out of my photo storyboard and use that as its destination.
 If I double-click on this reference Xcode takes me to that storyboard and shows me the view controller I'm referencing.
 Which in this case is the initial navigation.
.
.
 the initial view controller of the storyboard.
 That's one way to use this feature.
 You can take a large storyboard file and refactor it into smaller pieces.
 Another way you can use this feature is to `create segueways to view controllers that already exist in separate files`.
 I'm going to create a new segueway now and I want that segueway to be triggered by this journal button.
 I want it to take me back to a view controller in my main storyboard file that manages the UI for creating a new journal entry.
 To do that, I'm going to scroll over to my photo view controller over here and I'm going to drag out a storyboard reference from the library and drop it next to it.
 Let's take a look at the Attributes inspector for a storyboard reference.
 As you can see, there are three fields here.
 The first field is the name of the storyboard file you're referencing.
 If you leave this blank Xcode will use the same storyboard that contains the reference itself, which in this case would be the photo storyboard.
 That may be useful if you have a really large storyboard and you want to create a segueway from a view controller on one side to a view controller on another side.
 In my case, I want to reference the main storyboard so I'm going to choose main from the menu.
 The next field is the identifier of the view controller you're referencing.
 If you leave this blank Xcode will use the initial view controller of the referenced storyboard.
 In my case, I want to reference a specific controller in my main storyboard and I have given that controller the identifier new journal entry.
 The last field here is the bundle identifier.
 Your storyboard that you're referencing might be in an external framework.
 In that case, you'll want to put the framework's bundle identifier here.
 I'm going to leave it blank because my main storyboard is in the same bundle as my photo storyboard.
 Once again, now that my storyboard reference is configured, if I double-click on it, Xcode will take me into my reference storyboard file and show me the view controller I'm referencing.
 In this case it is a navigation controller and if we take a look at its Identity inspector you can see that I have given it the same identifier I just typed in the reference.
 The root view controller of this navigation controller is this table view controller which manages the UI for creating a new journal entry.
 Let's head back to the photo storyboard and create a segueway to that reference.
 Earlier I mentioned that I want this segueway to be triggered by this journal button.
 You don't see that journal button here in my photo view controller.
 That's because that menu is up here in the SceneDoc.
 The SceneDoc allows you to store top level objects alongside your view controller and you might put a view in your SceneDoc if you don't want that view to initially be a part of the view hierarchy at runtime.
 In Xcode 7 when you put a view in your SceneDoc and you select it, it shows up in its own editor above the view controller right there in the canvas.
  TONY RICCIARDI: So now that we can see the journal button, let's create that segueway.
 I'm going to control drag over to my storyboard reference and I want to present this view controller modally, so I'll choose that.
 All right.
 Let's see this segueway in action.
 So the first thing I want to point out is that my photos tab is showing up just like it did before, even though now it is coming from a separate file.
 If I tap on a cell and bring down the menu and tap on the journal button we execute that segueway which goes into our main storyboard file and instantiates that view controller by its identifier and it works just as if it was in the same storyboard.
 That's our new Storyboard Reference feature and I hope you find it useful.
 Now I'll hand you back over to Kyle.
  KYLE SLUDER: Thank you, Tony.
 Okay.
 So I gather that everybody is really excited about that feature.
 We're really happy to have been able to bring it to you this year.
  KYLE SLUDER: Let's talk about something different.
 Let's talk about how you can customize some of the standard segueways that we provide for you in Interface Builder.
 Looking at a different aspect of our demo application here, we have a journal that is implemented using a table view controller.
 If the user taps that plus button at the top of the journal we want to do a modal presentation just like Tony showed you before with the journal button and that's going to bring up navigation controller that has a table view controller inside of it.
 Tap the cancel button, that navigation controller goes away.
 That's the standard modal presentation style coming up from the bottom of the screen and going back down to the bottom of the screen that you see on an iPhone.
 What if you want to be fancy? User taps the plus button, we perform our segueway, we want to be sparkly! And if we're going to be fancy in the incoming direction, we really want to be equally fancy when we're going away.
 You might be familiar, if you are an experienced storyboard user, with some of the options you get when you select the segueway and look at the segueway inspector.
 There are a couple of standard transitions that a modal presentation can take on in iOS.
 The default is coming from the bottom, its that cover vertical, but we can also do a horizontal flip or cross dissolve, but sparkly, really isn't in this list.
 One thing we can do in iOS 8 using earlier versions of Xcode is we can go and we can turn that into a custom segueway.
 At that point we're responsible for subclassing UIStoryboardSegueway and doing all of the work ourselves.
 That's not really all that big a burden when it comes to actually presenting the view controller, but it would be nice if we didn't have to do that.
 Specifically in this case we need to do a bunch of work to set up the animation.
 In Xcode 7 when you're targeting iOS 9 or OS X 10.
11 you can select any of our standard segueway types and still be able to specify a custom subclass of storyboard segueway.
 You over-ride the perform method just like you would for a completely custom segueway but now your implementation of perform can call up the supers implementation and get the default behavior.
 Around that super call you can perform whatever customizations you want.
 What's really important about this for our modal presentation case is that we will hang on to that segueway object that gets created when the user triggers that segueway for the entire time that your modal presentation is onscreen.
 Usually segueway objects are really transient, we perform the segueway, we allocate a segueway, we send it, perform, deallocate it, but we're going to hold on to your modal presentation segueways and popover segueways on iOS for the duration that the view controller is onscreen as long as you call up the super.
 Why am I making a big deal out of this? We need to go through how you would actually implement that custom sparkle animation or any custom modal presentation animation.
 We've got our application nice and tiny up here, and the user has tapped the button to trigger the segueway.
 The destination view controller exists, it has been instantiated from the storyboard but has not been put onscreen yet.
 We're going to send perform to the segueway, and the first thing that our override or perform needs to do is assign a transitioning delegate to the destination view controller.
 Then it will call super to begin the normal modal presentation.
 Now the destination view controller, when it gets presentViewController which is done by supers implementation or perform, is going to consult with the transition delegate to bend another object that actually drives the custom animation.
 For more details on how this series of protocols works, I suggest that you check out the custom transitions using view controller section from WWDC2013.
 Now in the other direction, one the user is done with our view controller, they tap the cancel button.
 The destination view controller, since it is going away still has a transitioning delegate assigned to it and asks that transitioning delegate for an animation controller to drive the dismissal.
 If we didn't hold on to our segueway which in turn holds on to our transition delegate, this all would have been released and in iOS 8 we probably would have a crash here, in iOS 9 it is a weak pointer so we wouldn't have gotten our nice custom animation.
 Then animation controller gets asked to drive the dismissal and our fancy view goes away.
 Another case where this is important is when you are handling adaptivity.
 For example, if you're running on a iPhone and the user rotates the device, maybe an iPhone 6 Plus and you want to present a different interface in landscape or portrait or you have taken advantage of the new multitasking features in iOS 9 when running on an iPad Air 2, and the user has split your app 50/50 and you don't want to have, say, a popover in the compact presentation.
 This specific example comes from a talk on Tuesday, getting started with multitasking on iPad in iOS 9 which explains why you would want to do something like this and in the cases in which this would occur.
 Similarly to our custom animation, we need to use the delegate to customize the presentation.
 Our user is going to trigger whatever segueway brings up the modal presentation and our overrider perform is going to assign an adaptive delegate to that destination view controller's presentation controller.
 It is just the delegate property, but the protocol is actually called adaptive delegate.
 Then we call super in order to get the standard modal presentation to popover a full screen, whatever happens to be appropriate for the current size class.
 Later on the user does something to cause the size class to change this, rotates their iPhone 6 Plus, does 50/50 in split view on iPad air 2.
 The presentation controller is going to inform that adaptive delegate that we're changing size classes and will turn around to ask that adaptive delegate to have a new view controller to temporarily replace the view controller that is currently being presented.
 For more information on how this works, last year my boss gave a great presentation on view controller advancements on iOS 8, last year, not two years ago, but to show you how this works today, Tony will use Xcode 7 to give us a custom animation.
  TONY RICCIARDI: Thank you, Kyle.



 
## <a name='2'> Customizing Standard Segues:</a>  
`talk about ways that you can customize the standard segueway ways that we've provided for you in Interface Builder`

## <a name='3'> Unwind Segues and Custom Containers:</a>  
`talk about what might be a little bit more of an advanced feature, unwind segueway ways and how we have improved them in relation to the custom container view controllers that you use in iOS.`
